harborview FC tops the table in
jamaica's digicel Premier League as it
hunts for its third ever national title
we're glad you are with us on another
edition of CONCACAF conversation I'm
your host Scott gleba today we welcome
Harborview midfielder Jermaine Hugh to
the show Jermaine thanks for joining us
at bank for having me Jermaine
Harborview remains in first place
despite two straight losses that could
be attributed in large part to some key
absences including yourself the team now
stands two points ahead of defending
champion Tivoli Gardens how has
Harborview been able to stay at the peak
this season I'm it's been through hard
work and consistency i mean the
pre-start in front of pre-seasons Benna
i did a bit different because within
normally we would start early like two
months before the on the season or the
style like a month of preseason and was
started slowly but I'm not losing a lot
of games like in the first round but
were consistent in our plane so was
still working hard and we lead in the
table by two points so still want to be
consistent and win as much games as
possible who have been some of the key
performers I would say we have
individual individual players that
contributed to the team but most of all
it's it's been a team effort and we have
in diverse I yourself Louisville farmer
which is a captain of a goalkeeper
Miller we have Eddie and a couple more
players but overall it's been a team
effort because we we have we have been
scoring goals but it the goals are
spread out all around a team you've had
a very interesting career that has seen
you make stops in the USA in Sweden
however you've been with Harborview for
the majority of your playing years
what can you tell us about the club that
makes it so special to you what maybe
it's the special veneer as a kid coming
to the you drunk and making it to the
scene a team and a club like our view
what we instill in the players that it's
like a family from home where the club
is is the player second family and the
people here try to embrace the players
as much as possible as well as we the
players try to embrace each other and
comfort each other and whenever we're
not playing well or whatever the
circumstances would try and encourage
each other and try to show love to one
another so we always try to have that to
get to get in it what you consider to be
your shrimp as a footballer I mean I'm a
attacking midfielder um strength passing
shooting on scoring mainly offensive
Jemaine recent press reports out of
Jamaica have indicated that you may make
a return to the national team under head
coach Theodore Whitmore what does
playing for the national team mean to
you it's a privilege for me to always
represent my country always put on
Jamaica shirt I try to always prepare
myself in case the call comes up from
the coach has ended in an interview that
I might just get a call of so I just
have to prepare myself and be ready at
the 2005 concacaf gold cup you scored
two goals one against guatemala and
another against south africa what were
your memories of that tournament at
tournament the 2005 world cup is very
special to me because it was my first
book I put a lot of preparation leading
up to that tournament especially to try
and get
a professional contract but my best
memories is scorned the two goals but we
were very disappointed that we didn't
reach further in the competition because
we had a very good squad equality squad
and I've a lot of good memories coming
out of that other said before score
being my first time clinical cope and
scoring to vote how did you get started
playing football as a youngster in
Jamaica first I think started from a
young age coming to primary school um
playing learning about again I'm
watching a lot of football and
television am a father bringing met
again so I was in in touch with football
from an early age and enjoy my teenage
years a lot Dom coming in to find enough
of you other club started playing in the
under-16 level one tournament and
collect a few trophies I think that
builds me as a player to go ahead in the
future and and get a profanation
professional contract and overseas what
advice can you give our young viewers
who aspire to a career in professional
football you have to be dedicated
dedicated and work hard and focus on on
what you want if it's football you want
after jernard be dedicated and
officially be disciplined and follow
your goals that they set for itself
excellent advice well Jemaine we wish
you in harbour view the best of luck
thanks for being part of the show and we
hope to speak with you again in the near
future thank you for having me we hope
you enjoyed our conversation with
Jermaine Hugh thanks for joining us
today on CONCACAF TV
your source for CONCACAF news